Update printer guide with Wi-Fi/LAN setup details (#382)
fiskaltrust/interface-doc: doc/instore-app/printer-guide/printer.md

3. In the Printer Settings section, scroll down to find **Printers**.
4. Select the type of printer you have (Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, or USB).

> 5. Choose your printer from the list of available devices.

Reviewer: This feels a little confusing because line 4 and 5 seem to mean the same. And 3 should mention to also click on  printers and not only search for it.

```suggestion
3. Scroll down to find the **Printer Settings** section and click on **Printers** to open the list of available printer options.
4. Select the type of printer you want to use from the list.
```

The fiskaltrust InStore App supports the following printer types:

- **Bluetooth Printers** : Wireless printers that connect to your device via Bluetooth.
- **Wi-Fi/LAN Printers** : Printers that connect to your device via a shared Wi-Fi network or through a LAN cable (Ethernet connection).

> - **USB Printers** : Printers that connect directly to your device via a USB cable.

Reviewer: This list is incomplete because we also support internal printers (internally often wired via Bluetooth or USB but from the type it is not an external printer and also the "No printing" which is not really a printer of course.

--> I would not include this section at all because when opening the list of printers in the settings they will see that anyway.

Alternatively we might want to extend this section to something like this:

```suggestion
The fiskaltrust InStore App supports the following printer types:

- **External printers** connected to the InStore App via Bluetooth, USB cable or the local Wi-Fi or Ethernet network.
- **Device internal printers** which have special integration but sometimes also show up as USB or Bluetooth printers similar to the external printers. Please check the supported device list to get an understanding which internal printers are supported.
```
